since 1989 G Tech has grown
exponentially today it has a global
presence with more than seven thousand
five hundred and forty s worldwide
G Tech is a key subsidiary of the mytax
Enix group and benefits from the group's
energy over the UNCG tech continues to
innovate and growing in key vertical
markets GTECH rugged solutions are
designed for demanding professionals to
boost their productivity the products
are already being used in key industries
by leading companies GTECH designs
manufactures and services a full rugged
product line from notebooks convertibles
tablets and handhelds we also develop
comprehensive product solutions to give
you more choices we design and deliver
the whole process that is fully owned by
G tag our rugged solutions are available
in more than 40 countries offering local
support through our worldwide service
network we deliver world-class services
at a timely speed our goal is simple it
is to innovate and out
formed industry averages and deliver a
fantastic rugged experiences for our
clientele to support up to 13 hours of
battery life 34 millimeter thick and 1.9
a kilogram rugged convertible notebook
thinner and lighter than ever built to
withstand temperatures as cold as minus
21 degrees Celsius to a blazing hot 60
degrees Celsius creating the industry's
latest handle solution that is only 800
grams exceptional readability and
brightness under the Sun leading salt
fog and anti-corrosion technologies in
the industry we cooperate with
distinguished partners to do more for
you jitta has been dedicated to
delivering world-class rugged solutions
for more than two decades we innovate to
keep current to create a better world or
vertical professionals your imagination
is where our innovation starts